British foreign minister David Cameron
and his German opposite member analina
bbok have called for a sustainable
ceasefire in Gaza the wrote a joint
article for the UK's Sunday times in it
they say we must do all we can to pave
the way to a sustainable ceasefire
leading to a sustainable peace the
sooner it comes the better the need is
urgent Israel has the right to defend
itself but in doing so it must abide by
International humanitarian law Israel
will not win this war if its operations
destroy the Prospect of peaceful
coexistence with Palestinians too many
civilians have been killed the Israeli
government should do more to
discriminate sufficiently between
terrorists and civilians ensuring its
campaign targets Hamas leaders and
operatives let's go live to Sonia GGO
who's in London for us so is this any
different to what both governments have
been saying previously
Sonia well I think it indicates really
the most marginal of of changes in tone
rather than that of substance of course
uh what is written in this editorial as
well uh very much as a continuation of
previous messages that have been put out
by the British government by Rishi sunak
really which was to call albeit for
humanitarian pauses to get humanitarian
Aid in an urging caution uh with that
mounting civilian death toll it doesn't
really shift uh decisively any kind of
change of tactics certainly on the part
of the British government here what it
is doing though however is echoing
really the concern that is being voiced
out of Washington DC with the president
uh uh Biden saying that the
indiscriminant bombing in Gaza is
costing Israel international support and
this is an issue for the for the us as
well because they see this conflict or
they want this conflict to be over
within a matter of weeks and given what
was said uh by the uh Israeli defense
minister last week that he he could see
this going on for months that is a very
much a cause of concern but of course it
rests on those three tenets where they
see that uh first and foremost that
Israel has the right to defend itself uh
secondly that more humanitarian Aid does
need to be sent into Gaza and that the
third point is that there has to be a
political solution in in trying to bring
about the two-state solution here as
well now the cause for concern here is
the fact that the Israeli government Ben
benan Netanyahu has very much has been
said seem to be said that the two-state
solution for him is not an option for
him considering that he said that he
wants Israel to have security control
over Gaza and this is of enormous
concern certainly in Western powers in
the UK and the us as well because that
is the only form of solution that they
see that can uh end this current
conflict uh for now and also in the
region that for them is not a solution
that they're going to back away from so
this is more about putting pressure
additional pressure on Israel rather
than a substantive attacked away from
their previous statements Sono and
London Sonia thank you very much